chore: adapt to new bundle format (#116)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/tutorials/getting-started/index.md

If working properly, you should see something like this:

```
Do you want to run the simulation locally, on Gatling Enterprise, or just package it?
Type the number corresponding to your choice and press enter
[0] <Quit>
[1] Run the Simulation locally
[2] Package and upload the Simulation to Gatling Enterprise Cloud, and run it there
[3] Package the Simulation for Gatling Enterprise
[4] Show help and exit
```
Here we want to run the simulation locally, so type `1`

> So far we didn't create any test of our own but the Gatling bundle provides some example for you to start with.

Reviewer: some example**s**

Author: There's only one

Reviewer 2: provides "an" example ?

Author: yup

> min response time                                     96 (OK=96     KO=101   )
> max response time                                    657 (OK=657    KO=101   )
> mean response time                                   145 (OK=146    KO=101   )
> std deviation                                        108 (OK=109    KO=0     )
> response time 50th percentile                        106 (OK=106    KO=101   )
> response time 75th percentile                        112 (OK=112    KO=101   )
> response time 95th percentile                        420 (OK=420    KO=101   )
> response time 99th percentile                        443 (OK=443    KO=101   )
> mean requests/sec                                  5.833 (OK=5.778  KO=0.056 )
---- Response Time Distribution ------------------------------------------------
> t < 800 ms                                           104 ( 99%)
> 800 ms <= t < 1200 ms                                  0 (  0%)
> t ≥ 1200 ms                                            0 (  0%)
> failed                                                 1 (  1%)
---- Errors --------------------------------------------------------------------

> > status.find.is(201), but actually found 200                         1 (100,0%)

Reviewer 2: avoid error

Author: added a protip

### Using the bundle {#create-simulation-bundle}

#### Step 3.1 - Create an API token

On Gatling Enterprise, click on the [API Tokens section]({{< ref "../../reference/admin/api_tokens/" >}}) and on create. Give a name to your API token, and give him `Configure` as Organization role, then hit save.

Next, copy the content of the API token, you won't be able to access it once you close the modal.

#### Step 3.2 - Create and run your first simulation on the cloud

> We will use the CLI tool interact with `cloud.gatling.io`, so run it with the API token you just generated : 

Reviewer: **We will use the CLI tool interact with `cloud.gatling.io**
Why do you mean by that?

```

> $ ./bin/gatling.sh --api-token <API_TOKEN>

Reviewer: Mention the .bat for windows

```

```
Creating the package
Package created
Do you want to create a new simulation or start an existing one?
Type the number corresponding to your choice and press enter
[0] <Quit>
[1] Create a new Simulation on Gatling Enterprise, then start it
[2] Start an existing Simulation on Gatling Enterprise
```

> Let's create a new simulation, type `1`

Reviewer: Mention that we have to enter after typing 1?

```
Proceeding to the create simulation step
Choose one simulation class in your package:
Type the number corresponding to your choice and press enter
[0] <Quit>
[1] computerdatabase.ComputerDatabaseSimulation
```

Select your Simulation class (the only available here) with `1`

```
Choose a team from the list:
Type the number corresponding to your choice and press enter
[0] <Quit>
[1] Team 'Default team', id='b236af88-1c24-4623-b872-cb8993651c15'
```

> Select a special team, or the default one for your organization with `1`. This will allow access to the simulation to users within this team.

Reviewer: Remove the "Select a special team", the getting started should be used with a new organization, with only the default team

```
Enter a simulation name, or just hit enter to accept the default name (ComputerDatabaseSimulation)
Waiting for user input...
```

> Enter the name of your simulation, then hit **Enter**

Reviewer: Show what you entered?
For example: "My Simulation"

```
Do you want to create a new package or upload your project to an existing one?
Type the number corresponding to your choice and press enter
[0] <Quit>
[1] Create a new package on Gatling Enterprise
[2] Choose an existing package on Gatling Enterprise
```

> The package is just the jar file containing your simulation class.

Reviewer: Don't mention jar files, non-java users don't know what it is.
"Tha package is an archive containing your simulation classes."

> Choose `1` if you don't have any package yet, to create one. It will be reusable by other simulations later on. 

Reviewer: Just mention the creation, users won't have other packages, and we need to be as simple as possible.

```
Enter a package name, or just hit enter to accept the default name (gatling:bundle)
Waiting for user input...
```

> Enter the name of your package, then hit **Enter**

Reviewer: Show them a sample of the name

```
Choose the load generators location
Type the number corresponding to your choice and press enter
[0] <Quit>
[1] Location AP - Hong kong
[2] Location AP - Tokyo
[3] Location AP Pacific - Mumbai
[4] Location AP SouthEast - Sydney
[5] Location Europe - Dublin
[6] Location Europe - Paris
[7] Location SA East - São Paulo
[8] Location US East - N. Virginia
[9] Location US West - N. California
[10] Location US West - Oregon
```

Here we configure the Simulation itself.
Choose the location where you want to spawn your load generators and generate traffic from.  

> For demonstration purposes we will choose the unarguable best city : `6`

Reviewer: I think you should be as precise as possible, and  unfortunately avoid the jokes :(

Author: Nooooooooo

```
Enter the number of load generators
```

> Define how many instances of load generators will be spawned in this region. Care, each load generator instance will consume credits while it runs. 

Reviewer: Make them enter 1 load generator

```
Start simulation using simulation class name: computerdatabase.ComputerDatabaseSimulation
Created simulation named gettingStartedSimulation with ID '<simulation-id>'

Specify --simulation-id <simulation-id> if you want to start a simulation on Gatling Enterprise,

> or --simulation 90f60c5c-bee8-4a19-9655-866d4c49eb1d if you want to create a new simulation on Gatling Enterprise.

Reviewer: _--simulation 90f60c5c-bee8-4a19-9655-866d4c49eb1d_ 
This is a bug fixed here: https://github.com/gatling/gatling-private/commit/b9ab9b4027067891c61ef5afffb84201de0a4d32
Replace the id by the classname

See https://gatling.io/docs/gatling/reference/current/core/configuration/#cli-options/ for more information.

Simulation successfully started; once running, reports will be available at https://cloud.gatling.io/o/<organization-id>/simulations/reports/<report-id>
```

Click on the provided link to see the live reporting of your simulation run. 

> ### Using maven, gradle or sbt {#create-simulation-buildtools}

Reviewer: I think we should merge this part with the bundle part, and keep the advanced explanation from the bundle

### Using the bundle {#create-simulation-bundle}

#### Step 3.1 - Create an API token

On Gatling Enterprise, click on the [API Tokens section]({{< ref "../../reference/admin/api_tokens/" >}}) and on create. Give a name to your API token, and give him `Configure` as Organization role, then hit save.

Next, copy the content of the API token, you won't be able to access it once you close the modal.

#### Step 3.2 - Create and run your first simulation on the cloud

The bundle, maven, gradle or sbt can create interactively a simulation, upload its package and start it.

Type the command corresponding to your environment, don't forget to replace the API token:

{{< alert tip >}}
Windows users can replace `gatling.sh` by `gatling.bat`
{{< /alert >}}

{{< code-toggle console >}}
bundle: ./bin/gatling.sh --api-token <CREATED_API_TOKEN>
gradle: gradle gatlingEnterpriseStart -Dgatling.enterprise.apiToken=<CREATED_API_TOKEN>

> maven: mvn gatling:enterpriseStart -Dgatling.enterprise.apiToken=cEQgE7wsrp1zw6nR1bN0aS8AqkvWz7cjZy4UVQFzduFNBkIJmXgGUA..Gm0.0I1Zb

Reviewer: Why is it the only line without <CREATED_API_TOKEN>?

To create a package, run the `enterprisePackage.bat` (if Windows) or `enterprisePackage.sh` (if Linux/MacOS) file, Gatling will start creating your first package:

```
$ ./bin/gatling.sh
```

And now type `3` to package your classes. You'll see the result in the folder `target`, which should now have a file named `package.jar`.

#### Step 3.2 - Upload the Package {#upload-package}

On Gatling Enterprise, click on the [Packages section]({{< ref "../../reference/user/package_conf/" >}}) and on create. Give a name to your package, you can choose to make it available to all teams or to limit access to a specific one, then hit save.

Next, upload the package you generated earlier by clicking on the cloud icon. The package you generated earlier is located here: `target/package.jar`

> Upload it to Gatling Enterprise, by clicking on the upload button on the right side then either drag-and-drop your file or by clicking on the modal to open the file manager.

Reviewer 2: I don't remember this UI...
But I think it is:

```suggestion
To upload it to Gatling Enterprise, click on the upload button on the right side that will open a modal.
Either drag-and-drop your file or open the file manager by clicking on the modal.
```

I'm bothered by the fact that the "by clicking on the modal" is not in the same tone as "drag-and-drop your file".

WDYT?

Author: Yep was weird

On Gatling Enterprise, click on the [Packages section]({{< ref "../../reference/user/package_conf/" >}}) and on create. Give a name to your package, you can choose to make it available to all teams or to limit access to a specific one, then hit save.

Next, upload the package you generated earlier by clicking on the cloud icon. The package you generated earlier is located here: `target/package.jar`

Upload it to Gatling Enterprise, by clicking on the upload button on the right side then either drag-and-drop your file or by clicking on the modal to open the file manager. 

#### Step 3.3 - Create a Simulation {#create-simulation}

In the [Simulations section]({{< ref "../../reference/user/simulations/" >}}), click on **Create**.

Choose a name for your simulation and define the team that will have access to this simulation (if none has been created yet, a default one named **Default team** exist).

Then select the package you just created. 

Under Class name, select the desired simulation ClassName (here : `computerdatabase.ComputerDatabaseSimulation`) among the ones available in your package.

Then, click on the **Next** button.

> Finally, choose the location from where you want the injection to take place.

Reviewer 3: Finally, choose the location where you want to spawn your load generators and generate fraffic from.

To create a package, run the `enterprisePackage.bat` (if Windows) or `enterprisePackage.sh` (if Linux/MacOS) file, Gatling will start creating your first package:

```
$ ./bin/enterprisePackage.sh

> GATLING_HOME is set to .../gatling-charts-highcharts-bundle-{{< var gatlingVersion >}}

Reviewer: package part is useless here (only useful for self hosted)
I think we should only mention the **[2] Run the Simulation on Gatling Enterprise Cloud** part, and completely rework the step 3
